add-time-to-market-insights content (#1264)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/productivity/time-to-market-insights.md

---
id: time-to-market-insights
themes: boost-your-productivity
title: Time-to-market insights
ee: true
ge: false

> related:

Reviewer: I suppose it's normal not to have any related topic?

Author: Yes, as a new topic, I did not identify any relevant topic to be related to TTMI :)

---

# Overview 

Time-to-Market Insights identifies opportunities to streamline the product data enrichment process in Akeneo PIM to bring products to market faster.

Time-to-market insights will increase visibility into the go-to-market process by tracking how long it takes to enrich products in Akeneo PIM and understand where users spend the most time in Akeneo PIM.

The main benefits? 
- Sell faster: identify ways to improve workflows to bring products to market faster
- Work smarter: improve enrichment processes and team productivity

# Experience

Time-to-market insights is accessible through the Activity section. Here we can identify four main features of the global experience

![TTMI presentation](../img/TTMI_presentation.png)

1. The insights block above the graph provides a digest of your Time-to-enrich performance
2. The dashboard to get a visual representation of the data
3. The table gives you the expected result
4. The control panel to define the metric and the associated filters you want to analyze

## Control panel

![TTMI control panel](../img/TTMI_control_panel.png)

### Metrics

> 2 metrics to analyze your time-to-market performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2 metrics to analyze your time-to-market performance:
```

- Time-to-enrich: the amount of time spent from the creation of the product to the first 100% completeness
- Number of enriched products: total number of products enriched over the defined period of time

### Dimensions

You can analyze the selected metric by grouping through entities: Families and Categories.
- Family: how you have defined completeness for products according to a set of required Attributes to be enriched
- Category: how you have organized and classified your products in Akeneo PIM

Also, you can go deeper into your analysis through the channels and the locales: 

> - All: select “All Channels” or “All Locales” to get a broad overview of your product catalog across the board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All: select `All Channels` or `All Locales` to get a broad overview of your product catalog across the board
```

> - At Least one: choose “At least one Channel” or “At least one Locale” 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At Least one: choose `At least one Channel` or `At least one Locale` 
```

- Choose a specific channel or locale for focused insights in a particular area

### Time frame (From)

> You can define the time frame you want to display for your analysis

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can define the time frame you want to display for your analysis.
```

## Dashboard and table vizualisation

![TTMI graph and table](../img/TTMI_graph_table.png)

> Let’s analyze the capabilities available through the dashboard and the table visualization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let’s analyze the capabilities available through the dashboard and the table visualization.
```

### Dashboard

> The **legend** summarizes the data defined in the configuration panel and is displayed in the graph below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **caption** summarizes the data defined in the configuration panel and is displayed in the graph below
```

![TTMI legend](../img/TTMI_legend.png)

> The **pop-up** available once hovering on the chart displays details about the data you have chosen

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hover over the chart to display a **pop-up** that displays details about the data you have selected.
```

![TTMI popup](../img/TTMI_graph_pop_up.png)

### Table

> The **search bar** allows finding a specific Family. For the Category, it should be available soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **search bar** allows finding a specific family. Categories will be available soon.
```

![TTMI search](../img/TTMI_search.png)

> The Family or Category lines are clickable and allow for updating the chart above with your chosen data set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The family and the category rows are clickable and allow updating the chart above with your chosen data set.
```

::: info

> All the data prior to 15th December 2022 is not available as we have started to track the usage at this period. This condition is the same for the product created before this period. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the data before 15th December 2022 is unavailable as we have started tracking the usage at this period. This condition is the same for all products created before this period. 
```
